DevExtreme CLI: add React Next.js info (#7295)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: concepts/50 React Components/50 Application Template/45 Authentication/20 Next.js Authentication/30 Implement Authorization Functions.md

Authorization functions allow you to verify if a given user has access to certain pages in your project. If a user is not authorized, you can redirect them to an authorization page. These functions are located in `middleware.js` in the root directory of your project.

> [note] The Next.js template includes a `_DEMO_logIn()` function in `middleware.js` that allows you to test your application in development without authorization. Remove this function and implement redirects in production.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[note] The Next.js template includes a `_DEMO_logIn()` function in `middleware.js`. This function allows you to test your application during development stage without authorization. Remove this function and implement redirects in production version.
```
